Grid for The Starter kit (#2472)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-StarterKit/Widgets/Grid/Quote/index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
---

# Quote

> Quote, lets you add a quote that you like and places it in "", and lets you add the author of the quote and their title as well as an image of the author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quote, lets you add a piece of text that will then be placed between `""`.  You can add the author of the quote and their title as well as an image of the author.
```
